# JobHound
A local web app to scrape and manage job listings from configurable search URLs.

# Dependencies
- Ruby >=v2.0.0
- Gems:
	- bundle
	- sinatra
	- launchy
	- nokogiri
	- sqlite3
	- chronic
- Modules:
	- open-uri
	- openssl
	- yaml
	- json

1. If you dont have the bundle gem installed run ```gem install bundle```

2. Run ```bundle install``` in the base directory to install any gem dependencies you may be missing

3. Run ```ruby jobhound.rb```. This will automatically start a local web server and navigate to http://localhost:4567 with JobHound running

4. Configure scraping sources by modifying ```config```:
	> - ```base_url``` - The base url for your scrape source. This is used for rebuilding partial urls.
	> - ```search_url``` - The specific search page you wish to scrape listings from.
	> - ```listing_url_regex``` - A regex pattern and replacement for the listing url during aggregation 
	> - ```date_posted_regex``` - A regex pattern and replacement for the date posted during aggregation 
	> - ```entry_css_path``` - The CSS selector for indivitual entries. All other paths are relative to this path.
	> - ```url_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the full listing URL relative to entry_css_path
	> - ```title_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the listing title relative to entry_css_path
	> - ```summary_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the listing summary relative to entry_css_path
	> - ```employer_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the listing employer relative to entry_css_path
	> - ```location_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the listing location relative to entry_css_path
	> - ```date_posted_css_path``` - The CSS selector for the listing post date relative to entry_css_path

5. Go to the "Jobs" page and hit the "Scrape Listings" button. This may take a minute depending on how many sources you are scraping from

# Executable
A windows executable ```jobhound.exe``` is provided for those who might not have CLI experience. It should have the ruby interpreter and all the gems built in.

For reference, this executable was generated by the ocra gem using the following command ```ocra --verbose --add-all-core --gemfile Gemfile jobhound.rb classes/** models/** public/** sql/** views/**```